and hello to all dear friends with you
mister max 100 psi-9 and in this video I
I'll show you how to scrub a portal in
edge or someone
call ender world so let's start somewhere
we will need a 12 m portal frame and 12
ender's eye
and so we put them here and such a way
way so wait now let me
make day
one two Three
one, two, three, so now we do
pit here fossa
next we need to insert eyes
for we insert so that the vase
looked in the middle
sometimes it's easy to make a portal to the edge
sometimes it's hard
I think I already have a mistake
although no no see all here is our portal
at
so now damn
here is our portal to the edge
ready
here
in such a way he is such that
chernenky such such sims
parla dots and fly here and so we
scraper
ender world but now let's get into it
let's go natural kill dragons not
I will be very sorry for him
actually erase almost nothing
no ordinary room but we need from here
somehow leave
somehow up I don't know of course how we
get out of here because I don't understand how
someone would leave if it were not ender
the world would not even imagine because
see for yourself
to this hole not fianeta
here about everything finally i found here
always we are almost always closed and here
here we are here we are all a winder world and here
we everywhere endermen teleports and
Wow, ohhh, this is time
prepared the leaves written off
see both no longer want to embarrass
I really did not do it, just go
his scruff oh god tag has never
there was such a cross oh well and here is our ender
a dragon who will replenish his
liquid or your life or your health
with these tricks we expect
surprise at what and when we come
such we climb finally I got
oh it's only the first is still much
Now I’ll quickly blow it and see if it was cool
but
and so here in the first blast in the second
fly off
and come up and immediately you die so
I advise you to take a mod to when
you died things were not taken away from you
because that is, things did not fall and experience
didn't get lost because it would be very
very sad if because of one such
turrets from one such crap not
understand this shorter
we explode sepo yes well, that was such
you can say and have ander world here from
him we will never get out of now
he can only get out if we
will die
or only if we kill the ender dragon well
ok everyone thanks for watching
subscribe to my channel put like
thank you all and bye